  Before we start I just want to say, You can not directly use this dll in any way.
You don't reference it in a project nor do you try to call its sub or functions 
from outside the dll. It is used by windows alone, and any calls made to it are made
by the OS itself.

Step 1: Compile the dll

Step 2: Go into the register folder and either run the project
        from the ide or compile it - doesn't matter
        Click the register button.
        What this does is retrieve the clsid of the dll and place
        it in the appropiate places in the registry. (all files(*), folder, shortcuts)

Step 3: Results should be immediate, but you may have to restart explorer
        and / or reboot.
        The menu item should show up in any right click menu from explorer.

        This was written on win 98se, but there is no reason that i'm aware of
        that it shouldn't work on any os with a shell32.dll version of 4.71 or higher.

Playing with the code:

        Make sure you run the register program and click unregister before
        you recompile the dll - otherwise you'll probably get an access violation.

        DO NOT compile and register this dll and then move or copy the folder to
        another location and start playing with it from there without first removing
        all references to it - see getting rid of it. This will cause multiple registry 
        entries and we really don't want that. If multiple registry entries occur
        an more than one physical copy of the dll exists you may end up registering
        and unregistering the old dll. Meaning any code changes you make won't take
        effect, because windows will be looking at the wrong dll. Or if more than one
        physical copy don't exist but more than one id in the registry do - if the
        wrong id gets registered the menu won't be added at all.

        For those of you who can't figure out how to change the registered name of
        the dll. Open ContextMenu.cls in notepad and look for Attribute VB_Description.
        Change it and save it in notepad. 
        NOTE: if you change this attribute, you will also have to change the register
        program to reflect your change. Otherwise the program will not work or will 
        register the wrong program.

        Changing the scale mode of frmIcon will mess up all owner drawing!

Getting rid of it:

        1) Run the register program and click unregister.
           This will remove the menu handler references in the registry.

        2) Unregister the dll - if you don't know how to do this use the removal tool.
           The removal tool will remove all references based on filepath.
           It will also unregister the type library.
           Otherwise you'll just be adding to the invalid references in VB's
           Project / References list.

           I may upload a removal tool for invalid references - we'll see.